gh-141732: Fix `ExceptionGroup` repr changing when original exception sequence is mutated (#141736)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-11-19-16-40-24.gh-issue-141732.PTetqp.rst

> Ensure the repr for :exc:`ExceptionGroup` and :exc:`BaseExceptionGroup` does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the :meth:`~object.__repr__` for :exc:`ExceptionGroup` and :exc:`BaseExceptionGroup` does
```

> not change when its original exception list is mutated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not change when the exception sequence that was original passed in to its constructor is subsequently mutated.
```
